Let hosts be able to use additional swap files (#513)
moio/sumaform: README_ADVANCED.md

  traceback_email = "michele.bologna@chameleon-mail.com"
}
```

# Swap file configuration

> You can add a swap file to most hosts, in case you want the tests not to fail in the case memory gets exhausted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add a swap file to most hosts, to prevent some out-of-memory conditions.
```

Author: Yup. Will do.

> By default, swarm minions get 8 GB of swap file, and test suite controller gets 4 GB. Default for other hosts is no swap file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I'd just omit this detail, as we omit documenting default values for vCPU, RAM, etc. We just try to pick sane defaults, and here in README_ADVANCED we document how to change that when needed.

Author: Makes sense.

> You cannot set a swap file for the SUSE Manager server, because SUSE manager will create a swapfile on its own, nor for the mirror.

Reviewer: What is the reason behind those two exclusions?

Author: Well, my idea was it would not make sense on server since there was already one. But that was idiotic, we can enjoy two swap files, after all.

Same for the mirror, I did not see the point.

I will make them part of the mechanism and remove this remark.

> Please note that some operating systems already come with some swap file or swap partition of their own: Ubuntu and CentOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

See above.

Author: If you don't mind, I would keep this remark, and even mention the suse manager server.

A libvirt example is:

```hcl
module "minion" {

>    (...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ...
```

Author: ok

   swap_file_size = 2048 // in MiB

>    (...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ...
```
